Add webappbot example (#3052)
python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot: examples/README.md

### [`chatmemberbot.py`](https://github.com/python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot/blob/master/examples/chatmemberbot.py)
A basic example on how `(my_)chat_member` updates can be used.

### [`webappbot.py`](https://github.com/python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot/blob/master/examples/webappbot.py)
A basic example of how [Telegram WebApps](https://core.telegram.org/bots/webapps) can be used.
Use in combination with [`webappbot.html`](https://github.com/python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot/blob/master/examples/webappbot.html).
For your convenience, this file is hosted by the PTB team such that you don't need to host it yourself.

> Uses the [`iro.js`](https://iro.js.org) JavaScript library to showcase a userinterface that is hard to achieve with native Telegram functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses the [`iro.js`](https://iro.js.org) JavaScript library to showcase a user interface that is hard to achieve with native Telegram functionality.
```
